README.md, before:

# rusty_stern
Rust implementation of https://github.com/stern/stern

=> _Allow you to tail multiple pods log on Kubernetes_

### Differences with regular stern:
- log lines printed are not mixed (stdout is locked each print)
- the pod search is refreshed every n seconds. If new pods are added, you don't need to restart the command
- some control over colors used to display pods name

## Build
```sh
cargo +nightly build
```

## Usage
```
Usage: rusty_stern [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -p, --pod-search <reg pattern>  regex to match pod names [default: .+]
  -k, --kubeconfig <filepath>     path to the kubeconfig file. if the option is not passed, try to infer configuration [default: ]
  -n, --namespace <nmspc>         kubernetes namespace to use. if the option is not passed, use the default namespace [default: ]
      --previous                  retrieve previous terminated container logs
      --since-seconds <seconds>   a relative time in seconds before the current time from which to show logs [default: 0]
      --tail-lines <line_cnt>     number of lines from the end of the logs to show [default: 0]
      --timestamps                show timestamp at the begining of each log line
      --loop-pause <seconds>      number of seconds between each pod list query (doesn't affect log line display) [default: 2]
  -v, --verbose                   verbose output
      --debug-color <rgb>         debug rgb color (format is 0-255,0-255,0-255) [default: 255,255,255]
      --color-cycle-len <num>     number of color to generate for the color cycle. if 0, it is later set for about the number of result retuned by the first pod search [default: 0]
      --color-saturation <sat>    the color saturation (0-100) [default: 100]
      --color-lightness <light>   the color lightness (0-100) [default: 50]
  -h, --help                      Print help information
  -V, --version                   Print version information
```

## Left to do
- multiple namespace
- read conf from file?
- build and publish as release
- documentation :3

Commit message:

read default conf from json file

README.md, after:

# rusty_stern
Rust implementation of https://github.com/stern/stern

=> _Allow you to tail multiple pods log on Kubernetes_

### Differences with regular stern:
- log lines printed are not mixed (stdout is locked each print)
- the pod search is refreshed every n seconds. If new pods are added, you don't need to restart the command
- some control over colors used to display pods name

## Build
```sh
cargo +nightly build
```

## Usage
_every option mentionned here can be used in a json utf8 config file (use long option name and snake case instead of kebab case) located in $HOME/rusty_stern/config_

_command line arguments have priority over config file settings_

```
Usage: rusty_stern [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -p, --pod-search <reg pattern>  regex to match pod names [default: .+]
  -k, --kubeconfig <filepath>     path to the kubeconfig file. if the option is not passed, try to infer configuration [default: ]
  -n, --namespace <nmspc>         kubernetes namespace to use. if the option is not passed, use the default namespace [default: ]
      --previous                  retrieve previous terminated container logs
      --since-seconds <seconds>   a relative time in seconds before the current time from which to show logs [default: 0]
      --tail-lines <line_cnt>     number of lines from the end of the logs to show [default: 0]
      --timestamps                show timestamp at the begining of each log line
      --loop-pause <seconds>      number of seconds between each pod list query (doesn't affect log line display) [default: 2]
  -v, --verbose                   verbose output
      --debug-color <rgb>         debug rgb color (format is 0-255,0-255,0-255) [default: 255,255,255]
      --color-cycle-len <num>     number of color to generate for the color cycle. if 0, it is later set for about the number of result retuned by the first pod search [default: 0]
      --color-saturation <sat>    the color saturation (0-100) [default: 100]
      --color-lightness <light>   the color lightness (0-100) [default: 50]
  -h, --help                      Print help information
  -V, --version                   Print version information
```

## Left to do
- multiple namespace
- build and publish as release
- documentation :3
